Update FAQ (#283)
rancher-sandbox/docs.rancherdesktop.io: docs/faq.md

</Tabs>

3. Exit and Restart Rancher Desktop.

#### **Q: What is `rancher-desktop-data` and why is it in a stopped state?**

> **A:** This is a persistent volume used for storage, such as container images. It is used for implementation purposes and can be ignored by users. When running, the volume will be mounted inside the `rancher-desktop` distribution and it will never run by itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**A:** `rancher-desktop-data` is a persistent volume used for storage, such as container images. When running, the volume is mounted inside the `rancher-desktop` distribution and it will never run by itself. It is used for implementation purposes and can be ignored by endusers.
```

> **A:** `rancher-desktop-data` is a persistent volume used for storage, such as container images. When running, the volume is mounted inside the `rancher-desktop` distribution and it will never run by itself. It is used for implementation purposes and can be ignored by endusers.

Reviewer 2: Just a minor styling observation. The standard for `endusers` is `end users`? The SUSE and Microsoft styling guides suggest to avoid the word `end user` wherever possible though.

Author: Just updated Guna! I didn't think that other synonyms such as customer or you would work so I ended up just removing the word, let me know if this still makes sense after the update. Thank you!

Reviewer 2: Ok, How about `It is for implementation purposes and can be ignored by Rancher Desktop users.`?

Reviewer: I suggested "end users" to distinguish between developers and people who are running Rancher Desktop. The MS style guide advises against "user", unless you're distinguishing between different audiences. Maybe here we can avoid the issue entirely by cutting the sentence short -- "It is used for implementation purposes and can be ignored."

Author: Agreed with the change, just updated.

Reviewer 2: Avoiding `end user` or using a bit more specific term as `Rancher Desktop users` sounds good to me.
